    1.  ICLR_2018_483
        Review_1_full:"The authors propose a new CNN approach to graph classification that generalizes previous work . Instead of considering the direct neighborhood of a vertex in the convolution step , a filter based on outgoing walks of increasing length is proposed . This incorporates information from more distant vertices in one propagation step . The proposed idea is not exceptional original , but the paper has several strong points : * The relation to previous work is made explicit and it is show that several previous approaches are generalized by the proposed one . * The paper is clearly written and well illustrated by figures and examples . The paper is easy to follow although it is on an adequate technical level . * The relation between the vertex and spectrum domain is well elaborated and nice ( although neither important for understanding nor implementing the approach ) . * The experimental evaluation appears to be sound . A moderate improvement compared to other approaches is observed for all data sets . In summary , I think the paper can be accepted for ICLR . -- -- -- -- -- - EDIT -- -- -- -- -- - After reading the publications mentioned by the other reviewers as well as the following related contributions * Network of Graph Convolutional Networks Trained on Random Walks ( under review for ICLR 2018 ) * Graph Convolution : A High-Order and Adaptive Approach , Zhenpeng Zhou , Xiaocheng Li ( arXiv:1706.09916 ) I agree that the relation to previous work is not adequately outlined . Therefore I have modified my rating accordingly ."
        Review_2_full:"In this paper a new neural network architecture for semi-supervised graph classification is proposed . The new construction builds upon graph polynomial filters and utilizes them on each successive layer of the neural network with ReLU activation functions . In my opinion writing of this paper requires major revision . The first 8 pages mostly constitute a literature review and experimental section provides no insights about the performance of the TAGCN besides the slight improvement of the Cora , Pubmed and Citeseer benchmarks . The one layer analysis in sections 2.1 , 2.2 and 2.3 is simply an explanation of graph polynomial filters , which were previously proposed and analyzed in cited work of Sandryhaila and Moura ( 2013 ) . Together with the summary of other methods and introduction , it composes the first 8 pages of the paper . I think that the graph polynomial filters can be summarized in much more succinct way and details deferred to the appendix for interested reader . I also recommend stating which ideas came from the Sandryhaila and Moura ( 2013 ) work in a more pronounced manner . Next , I disagree with the statement that `` it is not clear how to keep the vertex local property when filtering in the spectrum domain `` . Graph Laplacian preserves the information about connectivity of the vertices and filtering in the vertex domain can be done via polynomial filters in the Fourier domain . See Eq .18 and 19 in [ 1 ] . Finally , I should say that TAGCN idea is interesting . I think it can be viewed as an extension of the GCN ( Kipf and Welling , 2017 ) , where instead of an adjacency matrix with self connections ( i.e .first degree polynomial ) , a higher degree graph polynomial filter is used on every layer ( please correct me if this comparison is not accurate ) . With more experiments and interpretation of the model , including some sort of multilayer analysis , this can be a good acceptance candidate . [ 1 ] David I Shuman , Sunil K Narang , Pascal Frossard , Antonio Ortega , and Pierre Vandergheynst . The emerging field of signal processing on graphs : Extending high-dimensional data analysis to networks and other irregular domains . IEEE Signal Processing Magazine , 30 ( 3 ) :83\u201398 , 2013 ."
    
    2.  NIPS_2018_31
        Review_1_full:"The paper proposes a model and training regime for the task of image inpainting . Experiments are run on various datasets with limited qualitative and quantitative results presented . There are a number of issues with the paper that result in my vote to reject the paper . First , the experimental results are insufficient . The qualitative results are too few for the reader to make an informed assessment of the model ( this is a consequence of limited space but nevertheless a problem ) . In addition , quantitative results are only included for the full model on one dataset . Table 1 should be expanded to include all datasets as well as numerical results from the ablation analysis . Second , the model change to multi-column is incremental and unclear whether this provides an improvement . The ablation analysis does not provide any quantitative analysis nor is there sufficient exploration of alternative model architecture to draw a conclusion . Third , it is unclear to me why the nearest-neighbor-based regularization term is called an MRF . I do n't see where the MRF comes into things given that in Equation ( 1 ) , for any pairwise term , one of the terms is always observed . Last , the writing is very disjoint and often unclear . For example , what does in mean to `` keep multi-modality `` ( L37 ) ? And what is Y on L87 ( presumably it 's the original image , i.e. , X = M * Y where * is the Hadamard product ) . Other suggestions for improving the writing/correcting typos : 1 . `` patch-wised `` - > `` patch-wise `` 2 . `` Exemplar `` ( L51 ) - > `` Examples `` since you use `` Examplar-based `` inpainting to mean something completely different 3 . `` zero value is filled `` - > `` Unknown regions of image X are filled with zeros . `` 4. `` Wasserstain `` - > `` Wasserstein ``"
        Review_2_full:"Summary This submission tackles the problem of image inpainting . It adapts the idea of multi-scale predictions by running three branches that predict features at different scales which are concatenated before two convolutions create the final prediction . The loss consists of three components . The relatively common L1 and local+global discriminator loss and lastly a novel implicitly diversified MRF that correlates patches of features between the ground truth and the prediction . The method is evaluated on five diverse datasets and with several ablation studies analyzing the influence of different parts . Strengths - The ablation study shows the contribution of the different components well . I am quite surprised about the added detail through the increased receptive field . - The method shows impressive image quality on a wide range of datasets . - The paper is technically sound , well structured and easy to follow . - The fact that the expensive MRF optimization can be pushed to the training and is not needed for evaluation is elegant and makes the model much more usable during inference . Weaknesses - Since it is difficult to evaluate image generation tasks quantitatively , a human study could be performed where users need to select their preferred generated image . This evaluation could help showing the increased visual quality with respect to other methods . - Since Equation 5 is applied multiple times it should contain some notion of iterations ( e.q .M_w^ { ( i ) } . Otherwise M_w appears on both sides of the equation . - An interesting evaluation could be correlating reconstruction quality and RS measure . This could show that the loss actually helps finding the right correspondences between patches . Minor Comments - L. 82 : { 1 , 2 , \u00e2\u0080 \u00a6 , n } - The type of upsampling for the feature maps before concatenation is not mentioned . - Since the ID-MRF is only used in training it would be interesting to report training times or even time per image during training compared to inference . - Potential typo in Equation ( 4 ) . L_M ( conv4_2 ) appears twice . - The intuitive example for L_M from the supplementary material could be included in the paper . I found it easier to follow than the explanations in lines 117-128 . - L. 224 : our method is still difficult to deal with large-scale - > still has difficulties dealing with [ \u00e2\u0080\u00a6 ] Rating & Evaluation Given the above strengths and weaknesses I am in favor of accepting this submission . A user study and a more in-depth analysis of the proposed MRF loss could make this paper even stronger . -- After reading the other reviews and the rebuttal I find most of my concerns addressed . The authors provide several additional quantitative results including a user study with convincing outcome . I vote in favor of accepting the paper ."
    
    3.  NIPS_2018_493:
        Review_1_full: "The paper introduces a novel approach for learning models that generalize to new target distributions different from the training one . This is especially interesting for settings where target distributions are unknown , i.e .there is no available data for them ( labelled or unlabelled ) . The paper follows an adversarial training approach similar to ( Sinha et al. , 2018 ) , i.e .a min-max objective which model parameters minimize an expected loss , where the expectation is taken over the furthest data distributions that are at most \u00cf\u0081 distance away from training distribution P0 . Crucially , the paper defines a Wasserstein distance between distributions in the semantic space , and proposes an efficient iterative algorithm for optimizing the loss . Experimental evaluation is performed in both digit classification and scene segmentation settings , where the model is trained on one dataset ( e.g .MNIST in classification ) and tested on multiple different datasets ( e.g .SVHN and MNIST-M in classification ) . Strengths The approach is novel and very interesting The paper is very well written Experimental results are promising , especially the digit classification setting Weakness It is not clear if the semantic Wasserstein distance would be very informative , especially early in training , since representations won\u00e2\u0080\u0099t necessarily be very informative . I would like the authors to comment on this and on any practical issues in training . Results on scene segmentation are not as successful as in digit classification In conclusion , I think this is a strong paper both theoretically and practically which makes a worthy contribution to NIPS ."
        Review_2_full: "The paper attacks a novel problem : one-shot domain generalization where given samples from a single domain one requires robustness to unknown domain covariate shift . The problem is extremely hard and the related works claim that no other work exists attacking the same problem . The paper incrementally builds up on a recently proposed method to defend against adversarial attacks [ 33 ] . In fact , the work uses the formulation of [ 33 ] and repurposes the procedure for one-shot domain generalization . The original additions are 3-fold : 1 ) the closeness constraint is changed from pixel-space to feature-space 2 ) an ensemble of models are trained with different neighborhood thresholds 3 ) a new theoretical motivation is provided . It tests the method on the transfer between digit datasets as well as road datasets . The results show that the proposed training work better when tested on unseen domains compared to standard training . The main issue is that , since no prior works exist to compare against , it needs more comprehensive experimental design to show the real benefits of the method . The experimental setup is currently very limited . For instance , I would like to see how are the benefits of using the new method related to the capacity of the model and how regularized it is ( by design and by choice of hyperparameters ) . Would we see the same benefits if the model is highly regularized already ? What is the benefit of the constraint in the feature space instead of pixel space ? A transition between using different layers would probably give some insight . Some analysis on the samples which are only correctly classified using the proposed method will be helpful . At the same time , an analysis of the samples that are added to the dataset during the training procedure can be insightful . These two sets can be further studied together . All in all , the originality of the paper is lacking , the experimental setup is not convincing , and there are not much insights given by the paper into the novel problem . So , I think , the paper is not ready for publication at NIPS . -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- I read the authors ' rebuttal and other reviewers comments . The rebuttal partially mitigates my general concerns with the paper : 1 ) regularization and 2 ) general insights . On the other hand , I can see the other reviewers ' main positive point that from the theoretical point of view it is a simple and clear work on top of the existing ones . So , I increase my rating slightly but still lean towards the rejection of the paper . I think the paper will become significantly stronger if along the lines of the rebuttal further and more comprehensive studies are pursued ."
    
    4.  ICLR_2019_206: 
        Review_1_full: "This paper describes a framework - Tree Reconstruction Error ( TRE ) - for assessing compositionality of representations by comparing the learned outputs against those of the closest compositional approximation . The paper demonstrates the use of this framework to assess the role of compositionality in a hypothetical compression phase of representation learning , compares the correspondence of TRE with human judgments of compositionality of bigrams , provides an explanation of the relationship of the metric to topographic similarity , and uses the framework to draw conclusions about the role of compositionality in model generalization . Overall I think this is a solid paper , with an interesting and reasonable approach to quantifying compositionality , and a fairly compelling set of results . The reported experiments cover reasonable ground in terms of questions relevant to compositionality ( relationship to representation compression , generalization ) , and I appreciate the comparison to human judgments , which lends credibility to applicability of the framework . The results are generally intuitive and reasonable enough to be credible as indicators of how compositionality relates to aspects of learning , while providing some potential insight . The paper is clearly written , and to my knowledge the approach is novel . I would say the main limitation to the conclusions that can be drawn from these experiments lies in the necessity of committing to a particular composition operator , of which the authors have selected very simple ones without comparing to others . There is nothing obviously unreasonable about the choices of composition operator , but it seems that the conclusions drawn can not be construed to apply to compositionality as a general concept , but rather to compositionality when defined by these particular operators . Similar limitations apply to the fact that the tests have been run on very specific tasks - it is not clear how these conclusions would generalize to other tasks . Despite this limitation , I 'm inclined to say that the introduction of the framework is a solid contribution , and the results presented are interesting . I think this is a reasonable paper to accept for publication . Minor comment : p8 typo : `` training and accuracies `` -- -- -- Reviewer 2 makes a good point that the presentation of the framework could be much clearer , currently obscuring the central role of learning the primitive representations . This is something that would benefit from revision . Reviewer 2 's comments also remind me that , from a perspective of learning composition-ready primitives , Fyshe et al . ( 2015 ) is a relevant reference here , as it similarly learns primitive ( word ) representations to be compatible with a chosen composition function . Beyond issues of presentation , it seems that we are all in agreement that the paper 's takeaways would also benefit from an increase in the scope of the experiments . I 'm happy to adjust my score to reflect this . Reference : Fyshe et al . ( 2015 ) A compositional and interpretable semantic space ."
        Review_2_full: "Edit and a further question : Reading again Section 7 , I 'm wondering whether the the high generalization is possible due to the fact that at test time only one of the two candidates is unseen , and the other is seen . Having * both* candidates to be unseen makes the problem significantly harder since the only way for the listener to get it right is to associate the message with the right candidate , rather than relying in some other strategy like whether the message is novel ( thus it 's the seen candidate ) or new ( thus it 's the unseen candidate ) . As such , I do n't think I can fully trust your conclusions due to this potential confounder . -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- The authors propose a measure of compositionality in representations . Given instances of data x annotated with semantic primitives , the authors learn a vector for each of the primitive such that the addition of the vectors of the primitives is very close ( in terms of cosine ) to the latent representation z of the input x . The authors find that this measure correlates with the mutual information between the input x and z , approximates the human judges of compositionality on a language dataset and finally presents a study on the relation between the proposed measure and generalizalization performance , concluding that their measure correlates with generalization error as well as absolute test accuracy . This in an interesting study and attacks a very fundamental question ; tracking compositionality in representations could pave the way towards representations that facilitate transfer learning and better generalization . While the paper is very clear with respects to results , I found the presentation of the proposed measure overly confusing ( and somewhat more exaggerated that what is really going on ) . The authors start with a very clean example , that can potentially facilitate clarifying in a visual way the process of obtaining the measure . However , I feel that clarity is being traded-off for formality . It needs several reads to really distill the idea that essentially the authors are simply learning vectors of primitives that when added should resemble the representation of the input . Moreover , the name of the measure is a bit misleading and not justified by the experiments and the data . The authors do not deal with trees in any of the examples , but rather with a set of primitives ( apparent in the use of addition as a composition function which being commutative does not allow for word-order and the like deep syntactic properties ) . Now , onto the measure . I like the idea of learning basis vectors from the representations and constraining to follow the primitive semantics . Of course , this constraints quite a bit the form of compositionality that the authors are searching for . The idea of additive semantics has been explored in NLP , however it 's mostly applicable for primitives with intersective semantics ( e.g. , a white towel is something that is both white and a towel ) . Do the authors think that this restricts their experiments ( especially the natural languages ones ) ? What about other composition techniques found in the literature of compositional semantics ( e.g. , by Baroni and Zamparelli , 2010 ) . This is good to be clarified . Moreover , given the simplicity of the datasets in the current study , would n't a reasonable baseline be to obtain the basis vector of blue by averaging all the latent representations of blue ? Similarly , how sensitive are conclusions with respect to different composition functions ? Section 4 is potentially very interesting , but I do n't seem to understand why it 's good news that TRE correlates with I ( x ; \\theta ) . Low TRE indicates high-degree of compositionality . I suspect that low MI means that input and latent representation are somewhat independent but I do n't see the connection to compositional components . Can the authors clarify ? Section 5 is a nice addition . The authors mention that they learn word and phrase representations . Where are the word representations used ? My understanding is that you derive basis word representations by using SGD and the phrase vectors and compute TRE with these . If this is the case , an interesting experiment would be to report how similar the induced basis vectors are ( either some first-order or second-order similarity ) to the pre-trained ones . Section 8 presents results on discrete representations . Since this is the experiment most similar to the recent work that uses topographic similarity ( and since the authors already prime the reader at section 7 about relation between the 2 measures ) , it would be interesting to see the empirical relation between TRE and topographic and its relation to generalization and absolute performance . Baroni and Zamparelli ( 2010 ) Nouns are vectors , adjectives are matrices : Representing adjective-noun constructions in semantic space"

    5.  ICLR_2018_225:
        Review_1_full:"This paper proposes Densely Interactive Inference Network to solve recognizing textual entailment via extracting a semantic feature from interaction tensor end-to-end . Their results show that this model has better performance than others . Even though the results of this paper is interesting , I have the problem with paper writing and motivation for their architecture : - Paper pages are well beyond 8-page limits for ICLR . The paper should be 8-pages + References . This paper has 11 pages excluding the references . - The introduction text in the 2nd page does n't have smooth flow and sometimes hard to follow . - In my view section , 3.1 is redundant and text in section 3.2 can be improved - Encoding layer in section 3.2 is really hard to follow in regards to equations and naming e.g p_ { itr att } and why choose \\alpha ( a , b , w ) ? - Encoding layer in section 3.2 , there is no motivation why it needs to use fuse gate . - Feature Extraction Layer is very confusing again . What is FSDR or TSDR ? - Why the paper uses Eq .8 ? the intuition behind it ? - One important thing which is missing in this paper , I did n't understand what is the motivation behind using each of these components ? and how each of these components is selected ? - How long does it take to train this network ? Since it needs to works with other models ( GLOV+ char features + POS tagging , .. ) , it requires lots of effort to set up this network . Even though the paper outperforms others , it would be useful to the community by providing the motivation and intuition why each of these components was chosen . This is important especially for this paper because each layer of their architecture uses multiple components , i.e .embedding layer [ Glov+ Character Features + Syntactical features ] . In my view , having just good results are not enough and will not guarantee a publication in ICLR , the paper should be well-written and well-motivated in order to be useful for the future research and the other researchers . In summary , I do n't think the paper is ready yet and it needs significant revision . -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - Comments after the rebuttal and revision : I 'd like thanks the authors for the revision and their answers . Here are my comments after reading the revised version and considering the rebuttal : - It is fair to say that the paper presentation is much better now . That said I am still having issues with 11 pages . - The authors imply on page 2 , end of paragraph 5 , that this is the first work that shows attention weight contains rich semantic and previous works are used attention merely as a medium for alignment . Referring to the some of the related works ( cited in this paper ) , I am not sure this is a correct statement . - The authors claim to introduce a new class of architectures for NLI and generability of for this problem . In my view , this is a very strong statement and unsupported in the paper , especially considering ablation studies ( table 5 ) . In order for the model to show the best performance , all these components should come together . I am not sure why this method can be considered a class of architecture and why not just a new model ? some other comments : - In page 4 , the citation is missing for highway networks - Page 5 , equation 1 , the parenthesis should close after \\hat { P } _j . Since the new version has been improved , I have increased my review score . However , I 'm still not convinced that this paper would be a good fit at ICLR given novelty and contribution ."
        Review_2_full:"Pros : The paper proposes a \u201c Densely Interactive Inference Network ( DIIN ) \u201d for NLI or NLI alike tasks . Although using tensors to capture high-order interaction and performing dimension reduction over that are both not novel , the paper explores them for NLI . The paper is written clearly and is very easy to follow . The ablation experiments in Table 5 give a good level of details to help observe different components ' effectiveness . Cons : 1 ) The differences of performances between the proposed model and the previous models are not very clear . With regard to MultiNLI , since the previous results ( e.g. , those in Table 2 ) did not use cross-sentence attention and had to represent a premise or a hypothesis as a *fixed-length* vector , is it fair to compare DIIN with them ? Note that the proposed DIIN model does represent a premise or a hypothesis by variable lengths ( see interaction layer in Figure 1 ) , and tensors provide some sorts of attention between them . Can this ( Table 2 ) really shows the advantage of the proposed models ? However , when a variable-length representation is allowed ( see Table 3 on SNLI ) , the advantage of the model is also not observed , with no improvement as a single model ( compared with ESIM ) and being almost same as previous models ( e.g. , model 18 in Table 3 ) in ensembling . 2 ) Method-wise , as discussed above , using tensors to capture high-order interaction and performing dimension reduction over that are both not novel . 3 ) The paper mentions the use of untied parameters for premise and hypothesis , but it doesn \u2019 t compare it with tied version in the experiment section . 4 ) In Table 6 , for CONDITIONAL tag , why the baseline models ( lower total accuracies ) have a 100 % accuracy , but DIIN only has about a 60 % accuracy ?"